all right YouTube here goes here goes
the war between our logs and the whole
angels California nomads Oh
right
I thought you guys a video YouTube and
gave me one in a good amount of time the
lone assassin is the outlaw Oh marshal
em shady and fired is an outlaw doll
with outlaws
as you can tell that's the leader of the
outlaws and he had to get me when I was
low on health
oh well it looks like I died two times
in a row and let's see I'm gonna write
in to inform you YouTube any sort of
military-grade weapons as what mg rocket
launchers grenades or any kind of
explosives or the Milla grade
military-grade mg is that is a
disqualification within the motorcycle
club community so here it comes
let's see how it goes and whenever this
war has and ended we'll see who the
legit winner is
we've been able to be able snipers are
available no matter what that is not a
military grade weapon snipers are not
military grade weapons
oh I was wanted for him good kill it oh
brother
what
where is it
yeah we are also recruiting YouTube so
whenever you like you want to recruit
like you want to join a club
it's the 5-11 oh fuck
snuffing yeah
beastly cowboy using a sniper he's low
on health no guys so you should used to
be an easy kill basically go ain't God I
don't know these are Cowboys a bit easy
kill
Oh
as you can tell we're like dominating
but youtube if you want to get a hold of
me and join in on the Hells Angels
California no meds make sure you can
hold the Dino Colombo or Ghost Rider one
four four nine all right oh yeah the
names will be in the description below
and and there's the lair of the outlaws
MC nomads dead
I'll know who I've seen that day I was
really but all right at YouTube as you
can tell I will show you have been
polled and that is military grade
weapons
so YouTube hope you have fun go all the
bus